[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're with Tim who is speaking
with us today from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes,
anticipates, and suggests
various strategies connected
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
It's interesting to be here.
>>EMERY: Well, tell us.
What does a tactical advisor
do in these covert programs?
>>TIM: Well, a tactical advisor
needs to oversee situations
and then steers them
into a target direction,
and in my case, you start with
a conventional tactical advisor
career, and then way down
the rabbit hole you go.
So I was collecting
information on ETs,
especially a special type of
ETs and all their breed and also
interfrequentials
or interfrequential,
non-terrestrial beings.
It's my first time
to come forward
and to talk about
certain topics,
so I'm still trying to
feel myself through this.
And so some of the answers might
be a little vague, but yeah,
we'll get through it.
>>EMERY: So Tim, before we get
into the extraterrestrials,
what was your motivation
for coming out publicly?
>>TIM: My motivation has always
been towards transparency,
Emery, and I've been
advocating transparency
for years and years.
And 10 years ago, it hasn't
been possible to do so.
I got rebuked in a certain
way, and now things turned out
to be a little different and I'm
trying to gain trust, and yeah,
so let's see if the reactions
and the feedback is positive,
then I'll happily share more.
>>EMERY: Excellent.
Are you actually sanctioned
to share this information?
>>TIM: So I'm being
used, and as long
as this matches with a
certain belief system of mine
and the goodness of my heart,
I'm pretty fine with this.
So I know that there
are reasons why
I am able to speak
about certain things.
And so yes, I'm not
being sanctioned.
I'm not being officially
talking about certain things,
but I know the situation is
so that I can speak publicly
while still trying to
maneuver certain topics.
>>EMERY: What types of
corporations and governments
are working alongside
Germany as far as ET contact?
>>TIM: It's really
compartmentalized.
So you actually don't
have coworkers when you're
working with those projects.
You're pretty much
offered tasks.
You do those tasks,
you deliver, and then
the information, the technical
stuff and the results
get spread.
Unknown where it
goes then, and so
the interwoveness of
supranational institutions
and corporations and
stuff, this is really
something that could lead
to like a doctoral thesis
because it's so complex.
The most people that I
have seen come together,
and this was about 30 people.
So it's very compartmentalized.
>>EMERY: Can you talk
about that event?
30 people in that think tank?
>>TIM: I can't.
In the last-- let
me put it this way.
There are four major
events in the last 20 years
that were important enough
to be discussed globally
and this was one of them.
>>EMERY: Can you offer some
examples of types of projects
that you're involved with that
involved extraterrestrials?
>>TIM: For example, you
get called into a project
and somebody is showing
you a video and suddenly
three bug-type,
insect-like creatures,
beings appear, and you have no
audio, but you have the video
and they're just bumping
around and somebody tells you,
what can we do with this?
What's the message that
we receive from them?
And then we try to analyze this.
So we go forwards and
backward in the video.
We see what we can do with this.
And sometimes it's all
about emotions, what can we
do with this, and even though
this is not one of the ET types
I was working a lot with.
So this has appeared.
Another example
would be there was
a specific type of
reptilian type of being
that we had a bad
start with them
and we certainly tried to
improve our relationship.
So this is when somebody
diplomatically kicks
in and tries to
communicate with them.
You don't necessarily
want somebody
who ray guns their
children to talk with them.
>>EMERY: You personally
were in direct contact
with these extraterrestrials.
>>TIM: In this case,
what I was talking about,
it was just to give another
race the opportunity
to sniff at somebody
who could diplomatically
get involved with them.
So in my case, I was sitting
there and just having
a conversation, and
those types of beings
are very, very sensitive
to certain frequencies.
So in my case, I had a
lizard I loved from my heart,
and so I think those
beings sense this,
and this gave me the
opportunity to talk to them.
And the biggest project I've
been working on for years
and years onward, I called
it Operation Götter Plan.
This was just a name I gave
it, but we helped a level 6
being ascent and come
into a level 7 being,
if this makes sense to you.
>>EMERY: For the audience, Tim,
explain what these levels are.
>>TIM: Sure.
I know we have the
opportunity to come back
to frequential harmonics
later in some interviews,
but we need to understand
that the universe has
a certain structure
to it and it depends
on the frequency, a
being, or an entity,
a life form it's specific
to, and in this case,
there was a very
highly evolved species.
Level 6 is really,
really, really
high in the realm of
experience and consciousness
that this being has,
and we helped to ascend.
We helped to ascend to a
much higher level, and yeah.
>>EMERY: The programs that you
mentioned that you worked on,
did you have direct contact
with extraterrestrials
during working on
those programs?
And if so, how did
that make you feel?
>>TIM: Oh, yeah.
I could have a lot of different
emotions to it, to be honest.
So yes, there has been direct
contact over many, many years
with many key players
of the universe.
As has been said, I've been
mostly privy to a certain kind
of ET race with all
the breeds in this race
and in the frequentials.
So how did it make me feel?
The way frequency works is
that, when you approach somebody
with a frequency that
is very different
to your own frequency,
mostly the body
reacts kind of automatically.
So even though your
mind is really focused
and your breathe and you
know what you're doing,
then when you see
those beings then
your body just reacts to it just
like on a roller coaster where
you know, oh man, next
curve it's going down
but the body is like screaming.
So this isn't a case or in a way
something we had to deal with
and to get around with it.
>>EMERY: One of the
things you mentioned,
Tim, earlier was
that you saw a video
with three bug-like
creatures bouncing around.
And there is a couple of times
when I was in the projects
and they showed us
some videos on purpose
that were disinformation videos
because not everything was
100% correct and
real, and they do that
just for protection
in case someone
like you and I would go
out and tell the world.
So how do through that video
that was an authentic video?
>>TIM: Well, I
don't, but the thing
is this wasn't my project.
So I got called into it, because
some other tactical advisor was
looking at the video,
and this seemed
to be a message that
we have received
and we needed to
make sense of it.
So it's not the way
conventional governance works
or tactical advisory works
that you have an opportunity
to know your talking partner
and you know how they think.
Sometimes, you get
information and you
have absolutely no idea
what to do with it,
so this was the case back then.
>>EMERY: How many
species are there
that you're aware of, Tim?
>>TIM: Tens of thousands,
Emery, tens of thousands.
So it depends what
you call a species,
because the way
the universe works
is that there's
life to everything,
and if you see the possible ways
that can come to this question
when you're approaching
higher frequencies of life,
then you have tens of thousands
of beings and life forms
that you can interact with.
>>EMERY: How many
extraterrestrial beings
were you directly in
contact with through this 20
years of working as
this tactical advisor?
>>TIM: I certainly
have met about 20 to 25
different species.
Some more, some less intense,
and this very specific ET race
or being that I worked
the most time with it,
it evolves constantly.
Almost every day.
So this is pretty
interesting to see,
so there are lots
of new breeds that
are coming every day from
this special ET species.
>>EMERY: Could you tell
us the extraterrestrials
that are working with us?
>>TIM: Well, I could,
but at this moment,
I'm not going to answer to
this question specifically,
but there are lots
of different ETs
that are involved
in certain projects
around humanity for years and
years, and after World War II,
we have an accumulation
of certain projects
that are going on.
So let me add something
to the question, if I can.
>>EMERY: Yes, please.
>>TIM: Because those life
forms I was working with,
they tend to mostly give advice.
Some eagerly disputed,
some well accepted,
and while most projects
were similar humanoid,
non-terrestrials are
working with human Terrans.
Those projects are about
money, about resources,
about technology, and especially
the interfrequentials or higher
frequential beings
I was involved
with, they don't really
care about those things
because they have
either transcended
the experience materialistically
or they're coming back,
reaching back to us in
a temporal dynamic way.
So it's unilaterally about
technology and mostly
about some different
type of agenda.
>>EMERY: Could you elaborate
more on the specific agenda?
>>TIM: Well, especially
the interfrequential,
non-terrestrial beings are
reaching back to Earth in order
to hear certain timelines,
to learn, and to experience
certain information, and to keep
the natural overall evolution
of the universe going.
So these are the
kinds of interests
that especially the higher
frequential beings have.
>>EMERY: Well, you
mentioned these 20
extraterrestrial species
that you interacted with.
And how did you feel about that?
I mean, what was that experience
like to be with a higher
dimensional being?
>>TIM: It's mind
blowing, in a way,
because mostly everything I
experience about our universe
comes from those experiences,
and it's interesting to me
to see how differently species
can think even though we
share the same dimension.
For example, some beings
that I've worked with they
tend not to sleep
because they're
in the multisolar system, so
those planets don't have night.
They did not evolve any
kind of sleeping pattern
so they do not tend to dream.
So it's just interesting to see
that some ETs are interested
just to--
some of them were standing
in somebody's bedroom
and just watching
humans sleeping
and dreaming without even
thinking about being invasive.
So while this is a very
natural thought to us
that I don't go to my
neighbor and open the door
and watch him sleep,
this is something
that some ETs do not
feel skeptical about,
they just do it.
>>EMERY: They don't see that
it's very awkward to do that
and why we would
judge that if we
were to do that to each other.
>>TIM: Well, the most
awkward thing for them
is the reaction we show, because
those beings-- it took us
a long time to
educate those beings,
even though they are
beyond words intelligent,
but to tell them that taking
people outside from the bed
and looking at them is something
that could scare a human being.
It's something that they
don't necessarily think of,
so this is something--
and they got scared too.
So the thing about
frequential cooperation
or dealing or sharing one
common frequential space
is that, when I
react very heavily,
the person I react to
reacts heavily too.
So if I get scared, they sense
it and they react upon it.
They tend to freeze
the person or they
tend to try to communicate
with them on a mind
basis or psionically, and
they couldn't understand
that the reaction a human would
show to this kind of thing
happening.
>>EMERY: It's behavior, yes.
>>TIM: Behavior, yeah.
So this is something
that I found really,
really interesting,
because to us, it's
totally natural that somebody
would react this way.
>>EMERY: It's very fascinating.
Could you tell me, when you
say take them out of the bed,
are they doing that through
some sort of frequency?
Is it an astral state
or are they actually
just physically taking someone
out of the bedroom there?
>>TIM: So the involvement
with extraterrestrials
in the beginning
was pretty physical.
Some of those beings have their
own interest in human evolution
and they know that
there was some kind
of starting event that
was necessary to open
the minds of people.
So in the beginning it
was pretty physical.
While those kind of
abduction scenarios,
and to my understanding are
occurring far less right
now because the relationship to
certain neighbors and other ETs
is much better than
in the beginning.
>>EMERY: What are they
doing with these humans
that they are taking?
>>TIM: It depends.
It depends on the species.
Mostly those I
got involved with,
those were the type
of species that try
to collect data from one point.
They try to set
up communication.
Sometimes, some of these
beings try to teach people.
So there are two kinds of
human beings, let's call it
this way, that are
very likely to get
targeted for an open contact.
On the one hand,
these are hybrids.
So when a
extraterrestrial species
decides to make a hybrid that
is born by a human mother,
then they assure that this
hybrid gets all the information
and they get in contact with
this hybrid and the other type
of being might be
interfrequential beings that
reincarnate into a
human body, and those
tend to get lost
sometimes because they get
socialized as a human being.
A human being that
is coming back
from a higher interfrequential
being and reincarnated
into a human being and
hybrids, those beings,
they all have to deal
with human socialization.
So with behavior
rhythms of humans--
>>EMERY: Emotions?
>>TIM: --information.
Emotions too.
For sure.
So a lot of humans ask
theirself, why don't they
fit into society,
and sometimes they
are hybrids are
reincarnated into society,
they don't even know it.
So then a manipulator species
try to come back to them
and try to guide them
on the right path.
This is the most scenarios.
>>EMERY: Yes, I see a lot of
that here on planet Earth.
A lot of humans
are very confused.
[LAUGHTER]
So how did you
communicate with them?
Did you have a special device
or was it through telepathy?
>>TIM: Again, it depends.
There are some
types of beings that
are perfectly speaking German.
Perfectly speaking humanoid
languages, because to them,
the earthly languages
are not that
complex it's pretty much that,
from a source perspective,
those languages have evolved
a little bit off the track
and got simplified around--
over the years and
decades and millennia
where languages evolved.
So for some of them,
it's pretty easy
to speak a certain
humanoid language,
and well, with others, we
tried whatever we could,
like starting with
painting stuff
and showing stuff and
trying to communicate
with them on a psionic
basis, emotionally.
So there are a
lot of ways to try
to communicate with them,
because what you need
to imagine, Emery,
is that you don't
have a common
ground of experience
when you come to those beings.
We're talking in English and
we're sharing a common mindset.
A mindset we both have
because of our experience
on this planet, so we can
communicate fairly quickly
and easily, but again,
there are sometimes
super interesting ways of
thinking to certain behaviors.
>>EMERY: I can see
that, because there's
just so many species out there.
They're probably just one
language for them to interact.
What was your favorite species?
>>TIM: That's an
interesting question.
So I think I do enjoy working
with interfrequential beings
because they have a totally
different perspective
to our reality because they
ascended this experience
and they are looking
at our universe
from a different perspective.
So sometimes they have an
overview of temporal events
that can happen
or have happened,
collapsing timelines and stuff.
So this is very profound
and very interesting
to communicate with them.
>>EMERY: In the projects
that you worked in,
could you describe any of
the 3D extraterrestrials?
>>TIM: We certainly know that
some non-terrestrial life forms
or species do look
very human-like.
While I cannot talk too
specifically about the types I
was working with yet, but those
I was involved with were pretty
exotic, and if you are asking
me if I have a favorite ET,
then I think integration is
when you're not only invited
to somebody's house or contact
but also you get to participate
and become friends with
somebody who's really exotic
and different to yourself.
So this is something I
learn to enjoy a lot.
>>EMERY: Name some of these
exotic energies or exotic 3D
looking beings.
What's so exotic about them?
>>TIM: Well, in a
way they tend to look
humanoid in a sense
of walking on two feet
and having two arms.
They're completely
distinguishable to a Terran
person and looking
very exotically.
So the interesting
thing, again, to me
was just to see how
different their mindset was.
So one of the species
I got to work with
was really convinced that it
was having made us in a way.
So this was something that
was really interesting to me
to see the belief system of
certain really evolved beings,
and I mean, I was asking
myself the question,
did my parents make me?
Did a creator brought
me into existence, or am
I making myself every
minute constantly,
and there's some truth to
all of those questions.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's great.
That's something I wanted to
go a little bit more deeper.
The former Israeli space
security chief and also
former general had announced
that extraterrestrials
were communicating with
us through the Galactic
Federation.
Do you know anything about this?
Is there a so-called
Galactic Federation?
>>TIM: So my take on this
is that building alliances
is some of the first steps
in a dualistic universe.
When you're thinking
about your own family
and about small children,
they tend to go to the father
and try to achieve something
and if they get a no,
they get to the mother
and say, hey, my dad
just told me it's OK.
So building alliance and
federations is pretty natural,
and those federations
are all over the place.
>>EMERY: All over planet
Earth or in space?
>>TIM: Both.
So as well on planet Earth,
we have alliance building
everywhere in every situation
where a dualistic life
form is dealing with
another dualistic life form,
when they come to a
certain point of agreement,
they try to build an alliance.
And while I'm not a
ufologist, and I'm not
too sure about what people mean
when they talk about Galactic
Federation, I can tell
that, on the project
I was involved with,
there was a lot of effort
to build something
like this and to set up
a Federation for this
interfrequential being
that we lifted or
ascended, and we're in it.
>>EMERY: So before we
wind up this episode,
you've been hearing a lot
about the UAPs, of course,
through the mainstream media,
through our government,
and what is your take on that?
>>TIM: So what do
you think about UFOs,
there's a lot of topics and
emotions associated with it.
But when we're
talking about UAPs,
this is a new terminology which
the British tactical team came
up with, and the
thought of it is
that, once we have
a new terminology,
the brain has the ability
to connotate it differently
with different emotions.
And right at this
very moment, the Earth
itself is pretty much
locked up by the Earth
military personnels, and that's
actually not really a chance
for illegal aliens, so to
speak, to come to enter
the airspace of the Earth.
So whenever we see a
unidentified aerial phenomena,
so to speak, then we
can be pretty sure
that it's most likely something
that has been placed there.
>>EMERY: Tell me your
thoughts on disclosure
what that's going to look
like in the future for us.
>>TIM: I got to say that this is
a very fluctorial process we're
seeing right now in
front of our very eyes.
There are lots and
lots of reasons
to empirically understand
that disclosure is happening
and it's happening now
right in front of our eyes,
and we know that we
are very consciousness
based in this universe.
So what I would
like to try, and I
hope there are some people
around the planet who
would just do this just
to say something out
loud into existence, like
Earth shift happily now.
That this is something
that we can do
to participate in this process.
Everyone at home,
wherever you are,
just to speak it into
existence as if you mean it.
Earth shift happily now.
>>EMERY: Earth
shift happily now.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
[LAUGHTER]
>>EMERY: You're very welcome.
It was very beautiful.
Well, Tim, thanks for
being on the show.
You've been a
great, great person.
I'm just so excited
to finally meet you.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]